guys uh I may be a giant dumbass I stood
an entire commentary I look at my mic my
mic wasn't plugged in so don't ask to
the day award goes to me right now uh
anyway and this I want to talk about
playing uh just just my play style in
this game because I go flawless 17a know
and i think one of my kills get jacked
but i believe i steal someone else's
guilt so Ken evens out there okay the
grenade in this map just the way I love
the play this map the grenades are like
my babies they are constantly being
cradled by me and right here I knew
there was a guy on the left and I knew
there was a guy that was shooting it
obviously I don't want to get into that
2v1 situation especially in this kind of
game because it takes a lot of balls to
take someone down if there's two people
shooting at you they're gonna wreck you
and yeah and right here I knew they were
someone on the left and there's someone
obviously behind me and I were to stay
there I was going to die and instead of
pulling out my shotgun and sitting by a
horn or waiting like her let's wait
maybe I'll get something good I started
to kind of run out and I don't check out
my surroundings make sure that I don't
you know get snuck up on and right here
I kind of faked this guy out because
obviously I don't want to run in him
directly because there's also someone
shooting me get back there and if I were
running him directly he'd start shooting
me too and again that's a 2v1 situation
and you never want to get into those so
I decided to kind of flank around there
and you know try to make it a 1v1 and
right here is why I don't like to revive
teammates and then go with my down
because ninety percent of the time it's
going to get jacked and I'm more it's a
team game but when the person who jacked
your kill is seven years old and they're
on the my going i k-kill that's just
irritating and you want to distract them
down to murder them in real life yeah
and if the tag incendiaries don't really
ever work in this but I use a more like
an alert so that way uh yet yeah like
right there I knew he was coming because
I heard the first mission year ago off
and I figured the second one wouldn't
get him but it just it lets me know that
somebody's there and I'm not going to
get completely snuck up on and sawed off
to the back or Nash her to the head it's
just nice because i don't like i said i
like to play these games tactically and
he has something really underrated the
retro lancer burst firing it very slowly
just bullet bullet bullet bullet because
the gun is so powerful you're going to
do a lot of damage and right here guys
this is how you handle a double-barrel
guy i I saw him shoot and just you can
tell if it's a double-barrel just from
the way like the Miss spreads they have
like a three or four second reload even
active reloaded if you see somebody do
that don't back off and wait for him to
come back at you run at them unless
there's another enemy or two just
waiting with them your best bet to win
that fight is to pull out your nature or
pull at your assault rifle and run
directly at them because a worst-case
scenario they're going to either try to
melee you or they're either going to
hipfire you with like a retro answer or
pull out that normal answer and try to
go for the chance off and yeah just like
that that guy had a double-barrel his
best case scenario he's going to get one
of us that's absolute best-case scenario
if he had a natural he may have been
able to get two of us maybe three if he
was wall balancing enough and had a good
bead on us and I think that's just
especially in the forums just looking at
all the rants and complaints about the
double barrel I don't think people
realize that once you get that shot off
you're going to die if you don't kill
them even in like ya like it like ah
look if you're really worried about some
of the camp at corner of a double-barrel
make sure you if it is a third-person
game make sure you check those corners
like that I saw that guy obviously if I
ran around the corner there's a good
chance i was going to die
and yeah just just don't play stupid
because a key this guy he was waiting
him to come around the corner he knew i
was gonna come around the corner but I
flanked around and most people they
don't expect people to do stuff like
that because they expect people just
just do the most direct path the most
obvious thing and I don't know it's just
you know like the people on the forums
planning with double barrel obviously if
someone's sitting around the corner
waiting you don't want to walk at them
roll around the corner and then go all
my god you had to all the bear walked
off yeah um obviously at the best case
scenario he has an answer out and
getting that close to him he's going to
one hit you anyway because he's waiting
for you and you still have your still
moving to get there and I don't know
what the help that's remember doing and
I just just just play tactically like
this instead of running up there to kill
the campers I went I got the frags and
then I went over and I pasta frags
because obviously people don't ever
expect the frags that's why I love to
just go to the frag area of a map and
kind of lock it down because I do it for
two reasons one because I like to you
know I like the frag they're pretty
shiny you know I like shiny things
everyone likes shiny things and to that
way my team is don't have to worry about
you know uh if their campaign corner
they don't have to worry about friends
coming around they don't have to worry
about tag grenade it's like that guy the
tag grenade kill him my teammates don't
have to worry about that happening
because I'm getting all the grenades and
I don't know what he was doing and see
like this he was hoping I'd come around
that corner waiting but I could see his
arm so the best the best thing they do
right there is just to kind of fire
around trying to hit his arm because if
he's already hurt it only takes a little
bit more until it takes him down and get
that was actually really good place to
back away because I saw at least one
more enemy and obviously that's that's
not what you want to do you don't want
to charge head on into battle I think
maybe even more than call of duty this
is you have to be tactical to be
successful in this game and call of duty
if you have a good trigger finger and
you have a
good you have a good name without any
tactics you can run in you couldn't you
can do good you do good against like
professional teams or in like
gamebattles you're going to get rekt
without tactics but just in pubs you'll
do fine and this even in pubs just
running around having good name it's not
going to do much for you because just
you have so much health in this game you
guys so slow you can't do anything if
it's a multiple situation and like that
instead of just running down there and
just hoping for the best just get the
frags throw the frags in they're not
they're not going to be able to do
anything to you because they can't see
you the best the best thing they're
going to do is to dodge the frag which
when the dodge the frag they'll be open
because they had to leave covered in
like your teammates to shoot them yeah
guys 17 to know I think I had one revive
I cannot read the dance on this little
screen you just just play tactically
stopping planning about the double rail
it's it's not overpowered be smart don't
don't run in and if it's a to be one and
you're the one that that's just asking
for death have a good day guys have a
good day